# SESSION FIXATION & CLICKJACKING
**Session fixation** is an attack that permits an attacker to *hijack a valid user session*. It explores a limitation in the way the web application manages the session ID, more specifically the vulnerable web application. When authenticating a user, it doesn't assign a new session ID, making it possible to use an existent session ID. The attack consists of *obtaining a valid session ID* (e.g. by. connecting to the application), *inducing a user to authenticate himself with that session ID*, and *then hijacking the user-validated session by the knowledge of the used session ID*. The attacker has to provide a legitimate Web application session ID and try to make the victim's browser use it.
A Session fixation attack fixes an established session on the victim's browser, so *the attack starts before the user logs in.*
### Execution Techniques
- **Session token in the URL argument**: The Session ID is sent to the victim in a hyperlink and the victim accesses the site through the malicious URL.
- **Session token in a hidden form field**: In this method, the victim must be tricked to authenticate in the target Web Server, using a login form developed for the attacker. The form could be hosted in the evil web server or directly in html formatted email.
- **Session ID in a cookie**:
	- **Client-side scripts**: Most browsers support the execution of client-side scripting. In this case, the aggressor could use attacks of code injection as the XSS attack to insert malicious code in the hyperlink sent to the victim and fix a Session ID in its cookie. Using the function `document.cookie`, the browser which executes the command becomes capable of fixing values inside of the cookie that it will use to keep a session between the client and the Web Application.
	- **Meta tags**: `<META>\ntag\n</META>` is considered a code injection attack, however, different from the XSS attack where undesirable scripts can be disabled, or the execution can be denied. The attack using this method becomes much more efficient because it's impossible to disable the processing of these tags in the browsers.
	- **HTTP header response**: This method explores the server response to fix the Session ID in the victim's browser. Including the parameter `Set-Cookie` in the HTTP header response, the attacker is able to insert the value of *Session ID* in the cookie and sends it to the victim's browser.
# FILE INCLUSION BUGS
